If you got to have a threesome with people in this room, who would you do it with and why?
Have you ever sexted anyone? If so, read one of the sexts in a fake British accent.
Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
What is the song that you get it on to the most?
What’s your favorite fantasy to pleasure yourself to?
Where is the weirdest place that you’ve ever gone solo?
What is your favorite "special" toy?
When was your first kiss?
Do you have an “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit? What is it?
What’s your favorite body part on yourself? On your partner?
How many people have you slept with?
Who’s the hottest person at work?
What would be more thrilling: angry sex or makeup sex?
What was it like the first time someone went down on you?
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
What’s your self-love strategy?
What’s the worst kiss you’ve ever been given?
What’s your favorite body part on opposite gender?
What was it like going down on someone the first time?
Have you ever faked it? When? Can you recreate it?
How do you like the taste when you go down on someone?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in a relationship?
How often do you trim down there?
Have you ever gotten a bikini wax?
Have you ever considered a threesome?
Have you ever had a one-night stand?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that turns you on?
When did you lose your virginity?
Do you have any interesting fetishes?
Have you ever been to a strip club?
When did you go solo for the first time?
What was the most powerful sexual experience you’ve ever had?
What’s your favorite body part on a opposite gender?
When was the most embarrassing time you got turned on?
Have you ever thought about the same sex?
If you were into the same sex, which male celebrity would you go for?
Do you prefer one-on-one or the more the merrier?
What is the craziest thing you’ve ever watched?
What is one thing you’ve never done in the bedroom?
Have you ever done it in a car?
When it comes to lingerie, is less best, or do you want something to unwrap?
Are second rounds exciting or exhausting?
Have you ever roleplayed?
What’s your worst substance story (getting drunk, high, etc.)?
Do you have any spicy pictures or videos saved on your phone?
How many people have seen you naked?