Do your best fake “O” while looking the person to the left of you in the eye.
Have someone blindfold you, and then have everyone in the group kiss you on the cheek. You have to either say which one is your partner, and then kiss them on the lips, OR you have to choose one person that you want to kiss on the lips.
With your eyes closed and the other person or people standing across from you in the room, walk with your hands out. You have to kiss the first person you touch exactly where you touch them.
You have to leave an R-rated voicemail for an ex.
Someone has to lick peanut butter, chocolate sauce, or whipped cream off your finger, cheek, or somewhere of their choice.
Someone feeds you M&Ms or other small chocolate candy, and you have to say, “Thank you, Daddy," after each one.
If there’s a pool, you have to go skinny dipping, and you have to choose one buddy to go with you.
You’re in school and you’ve been a bad student. For the next round, you’re in time-out on someone’s lap.
Someone goes onto your Amazon account and buys a special toy for you that’s $20 or less.
Talk to your hand like you’re making a game plan to sleep with someone else who is in the room.
Lay down on the ground and have someone pretend like they’re using chalk to draw an outline of your body.
Go to Cosmopolitan’s website’s love section and find a position you’ve never heard of. Then, try to act it out using whatever furniture and pillows you have at your disposal.
You leave the room. Everyone pours a shot. You come back into the room and take one of the shots that was poured. You have to sit on the lap of whomever poured that drink for the rest of the round. (People can take the other shots.)
You have to undress down to your accessories and skivvies. If you want to keep any clothes on, you have to take a shot for every piece of clothing you want to keep.
Lightly trace your hands over someone else’s lips and whisper, “I’m coming, I’m coming," five times.
Change your Facebook status to “I’m coming . . . I’m coming . . .". Then, one minute later, change it to "I just came.”
Put on a swimming suit and have someone rub sunscreen on your back. Wear the suit for the rest of the evening.
Someone gives you a back massage for one minutes while you’re blindfolded. If you like their style, you can choose to kiss them afterwards, but without knowing their identity.
You have to keep your hand on the very inner thigh of the person next to you for the next round.
Put a sock in your pants and pretend it’s your junk for the rest of the night.
Give a detailed presentation on your sexual moves in the style of a TED Talk.
Take off your bra but leave your shirt on.
Try to take off your underwear without flashing anyone.
Put someone else's underwear on your head.
Draw eyes above your belly button and give a presidential address as this character.
Put a bra on your head and pretend you’re a DJ rocking it really hard for one minute.
Choreograph a new dance inspired by the act of doing and folding laundry. Make it sexy.
Take a picture of a tampon and post it on Instagram.
Put on a pair of heels and take off your pants (not in that order).
Grab a broom and do your sexiest dance with it.
Touch tongues with someone.
Shave one of your arms.
Demonstrate your best technique for you-know-what on your finger.
Do as many squats as you can. On the front lawn.
You have to entirely redress yourself with whatever you find in the kitchen.
Fake it for 10 seconds.
If you’re at your home, pretend you’re an auctioneer auctioning off your favorite grown-up toy, giving details about why you like it. If you’re at someone else’s home, use something that looks kind of like it.
Use your butt to give a speech to the group about gas prices (or something else of your choosing).
Do your best sexy crawl.
Give a detailed presentation on how you woo a lover in the style of a TED Talk.
Give your junk a name and then give a stream-of-consciousness speech from its perspective.
Imitate the sounds of both sides of your most recent romantic encounter.
Try to hit on someone in this group like you’re at a bar.
Make as many different sounds with your lips as you can.
Make as many different fart sounds as you can.
You have to say, “I’m just a silly boy,” and slap yourself gently on the face 20 times.
Go hide somewhere in the house until the next round starts. No one is going to come find you, but you must remain hidden.
Cook two bags of popcorn. Eat all of it as fast as you can, but in the sexiest way possible.
Take off your shirt and pants, lay down on the ground, and act like a dolphin that’s gotten stranded on land for one minute.
Pretend like you’re making sweet, sweet, love to the couch for one and a half minutes.
Pick up a random book and read it in the most seductive voice you can manage.
Demonstrate to the room how to put a condom on using a banana.
Make out with your hand to “The Song That Never Ends” (look it up on YouTube).
Put in your headphones and put on your favorite song and dance to it.
Someone gets to draw something on your face (with just a pen, not a permanent marker).
You have to hold a mouthful of water in your mouth until the round is over.
Slap your butt and say, “I’ve been bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, naughty!”
Put on a dance song and grind with a pillow for one minute.
Feed someone almonds using just your mouth.